doc: lib: nrf_modem: updates (#9388)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

Modem fault handling
********************

> When a fault occurs in the modem, the application is notified through the fault handler function that is registered with the Modem library during initialization.

Reviewer: `When` makes it sound like this is something we expect to happen.
```suggestion
If a fault occurs in the modem, the application is notified through the fault handler function that is registered with the Modem library during initialization.
```

Author: Ok, updated

This lets the application read the fault reason (in some cases the modem's program counter) and take the appropriate action.

> On initialization (during :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init`), the Modem library integration layer registers the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function through the Modem library initialization parameters.

Author: Ok

The behavior of the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function is controlled with the three following KConfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_DO_NOTHING` - Let the fault handler log the Modem fault and return (default).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_RESET_MODEM` - Let the fault handler schedules a workqueue task to reinitialize the modem and Modem library.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC` - Let the fault handler function :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` be defined by the application, outside of the Modem library integration layer.

Implementing a custom fault handler
===================================

When implementing a custom fault handler, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC` Kconfig option

> and provide an implementation of the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function, considering the following points:

Author: Thanks,  updated

Modem fault handling
********************
If a fault occurs in the modem, the application is notified through the fault handler function that is registered with the Modem library during initialization.
This lets the application read the fault reason (in some cases the modem's program counter) and take the appropriate action.

On initialization (using :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init`), the Modem library integration layer registers the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function through the Modem library initialization parameters.
The behavior of the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function is controlled with the three following KConfig options:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_DO_NOTHING` - Let the fault handler log the Modem fault and return (default).
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_RESET_MODEM` - Let the fault handler schedules a workqueue task to reinitialize the modem and Modem library.
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC` - Let the fault handler function :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` be defined by the application, outside of the Modem library integration layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_DO_NOTHING` - This option lets the fault handler log the Modem fault and return (default).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_RESET_MODEM` - This option lets the fault handler schedule a workqueue task to reinitialize the modem and Modem library.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC` - This option lets the fault handler function :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` be defined by the application, outside of the Modem library integration layer.
```

Author: Thanks, updated.
